Fixes hrynko/vue-pdf-embed#52 (#53)
hrynko/vue-pdf-embed: README.md

| rotation               | `number` <br> `string`                   | `0`, `90`, `180` or `270` (multiples of `90`)    | desired page rotation angle in degrees                                     |
| source                 | `string` <br> `object` <br> `Uint8Array` | document URL or typed array pre-filled with data | source of the document to display                                          |
| width                  | `number` <br> `string`                   | natural numbers                                  | desired page width in pixels                                               |

> | scalePdfToCanvas       | `number`                                 | natural numbers                                  | desired ratio of canvas width / pdf page width                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| scale                  | `number`                                 | rational numbers                                 | desired ratio of canvas size to document size                              |
```
